Refactor docs (#169)
hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/clc-shell.adoc

> = clc shell

Reviewer: description: The interactive shell of the Hazelcast CLC allows you to run SQL queries and CLC commands.

Also, it would be good to move the Usage: to near the top of the page.

> Starts the interactive shell for running SQL queries and CLC commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starts the interactive shell for running SQL queries and Hazelcast CLC commands.
```

> The shell defaults to running SQL queries, you can directly enter and get the result. The query should end with a semicolumn:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The shell defaults to running SQL queries, which you can execute from a command prompt and get the result. The query should end with a semicolon:
```

[source,clc]
----
CLC> select * from cities;
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      __key | country                   | city                      | population
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          1 | United Kingdom            | London                    |    9540576
          5 | Turkey                    | Ankara                    |    5309690
          4 | United States             | Los Angeles               |    3985520
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

> In order to run CLC commands, prefix them with a backslash (`\`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run Hazelcast CLC commands, prefix them with a backslash (`\`):
```
